the cub is beginning to understand his
mother's changing demeanor every posture
has a special meaning when she has a
target in her sights nothing will break
her concentration
she has taken her prey completely by
surprise she brings it down it's a sound
idea she partially throttles her victim
but doesn't kill it she will use this
one to give a lesson to her cub the
mother leaves him to get on with it but
he is not quite sure what to do the
fossil hold is one of the most important
things he has to learn and he's making a
good start giving half-killed prey to a
cult like this seems heartbreakingly
cruel but learning to deal with live
prey is a vital step on the path to
becoming an independent hunter